Update cli-templates-create-template-package.md (#35985)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/cli-templates-create-template-package.md

Processing post-creation actions...
Description: Manual actions required
Manual instructions: Open *.csproj in the editor and complete the package metadata configuration. Copy the templates to 'content' folder. Fill in README.md.
```

Next, navigate to _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates_ folder, open the _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_ file in a code editor and populate it according to the hints in the template:

```xml
 <PropertyGroup>
    <!-- The package metadata. Fill in the properties marked as TODO below -->
    <!-- Follow the instructions on https://learn.microsoft.com/nuget/create-packages/package-authoring-best-practices -->
    <PackageId>AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates</PackageId>
    <PackageVersion>1.0</PackageVersion>
    <Title>AdatumCorporation Templates</Title>
    <Authors>Me</Authors>
    <Description>Templates to use when creating an application for Adatum Corporation.</Description>
    <PackageTags>dotnet-new;templates;contoso</PackageTags>
    <PackageProjectUrl>https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/main/core/tutorials/cli-templates-create-item-template</PackageProjectUrl>
  </PropertyGroup>
```

> To get more information about NuGet package metadata available in the _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_ file, navigate to [Pack a template into a NuGet package (nupkg file)](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/tools/custom-templates#pack-a-template-into-a-nuget-package-nupkg-file).

Reviewer: Fix build error

```suggestion
To get more information about NuGet package metadata available in the _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_ file, navigate to [Pack a template into a NuGet package (nupkg file)](/dotnet/core/tools/custom-templates#pack-a-template-into-a-nuget-package-nupkg-file).
```

> [!div class="checklist"]
>

> > * Create template package using  [Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Create a template package by using the [Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates) NuGet package.
```

```console
The template "Template Package" was created successfully.

Processing post-creation actions...
Description: Manual actions required
Manual instructions: Open *.csproj in the editor and complete the package metadata configuration. Copy the templates to 'content' folder. Fill in README.md.
```

Next, open the _templatepack.csproj_ file in a code editor and populate it according to the hints in the template:

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">

  <PropertyGroup>
    <!-- The package metadata. Fill in the properties marked as TODO below -->
    <!-- Follow the instructions on https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/create-packages/package-authoring-best-practices -->
    <PackageId>AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates</PackageId>
    <PackageVersion>1.0</PackageVersion>
    <Title>AdatumCorporation Templates</Title>
    <Authors>Me</Authors>
    <Description>Templates to use when creating an application for Adatum Corporation.</Description>
    <PackageTags>dotnet-new;templates;contoso</PackageTags>
    <PackageProjectUrl>https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/main/core/tutorials/cli-templates-create-item-template</PackageProjectUrl>

>     <!-- Keep package type as 'Template' to show the package as template package on nuget.org and make you template available in dotnet new search.-->

Reviewer 2: as parts below are not to be modified, i suggest we don't include them

  This tutorial uses the two templates created in the first two parts of this tutorial. You can use a different template as long as you copy the template, as a folder, into the _working\templates\\_ folder.

> * Open a terminal.

Reviewer: What folder should the terminal be navigated to before the next command is executed?

Reviewer 2: This was changed because for next command (`dotnet new install`) the folder doesn't matter. 
The only thing that matters having nuget.org available in nuget.config so the package can be downloaded.

In step 2 (https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/35985#discussion_r1259984314) there is an instruction which folder to use.

Generally, we can keep the old wording and remove instruction later on - it doesn't matter much.

Reviewer: > Generally, we can keep the old wording and remove instruction later on - it doesn't matter much.

If the folder you're in does have a bearing on the NuGet config file you're using, it makes sense to me to keep the old wording and remove the instruction later on.

[!INCLUDE [dotnet6-syntax-note](includes/dotnet6-syntax-note.md)]

## Create a template package project

A template package is one or more templates packed into a NuGet package. When you install or uninstall a template package, all templates contained in the package are added or removed, respectively.

> Template packages are represented by a NuGet package (_.nupkg_) file. And, like any NuGet package, you can upload the template package to a NuGet feed. The `dotnet new install` [command](../tools/dotnet-new-install.md) supports installing template packages from a NuGet package feed. Additionally, you can install a template package from a _.nupkg_ file directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template packages are represented by a NuGet package (_.nupkg_) file. And, like any NuGet package, you can upload the template package to a NuGet feed. The [`dotnet new install`](../tools/dotnet-new-install.md) command supports installing template packages from a NuGet package feed. Additionally, you can install a template package from a _.nupkg_ file directly.
```

Normally you use a C# project file to compile code and produce a binary. However, the project can also be used to generate a template package. By changing the settings of the _.csproj_, you can prevent it from compiling any code and instead include all the assets of your templates as resources. When this project is built, it produces a template package NuGet package.

The package you are going to generate will include the [item template](cli-templates-create-item-template.md) and [package template](cli-templates-create-project-template.md) previously created.

> In order to create the template package, we will use the template for the template package provided by [Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create the template package, you will use the template for the template package provided by [Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates).
```

In your terminal, run the command:

```dotnetcli
dotnet new install Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates
```

> This [template package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates) contains templates useful for template authoring. Note: nuget.org should be available as NuGet feed inside the working directory to install this template package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [template package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Authoring.Templates) contains templates useful for template authoring. To install this package, nuget.org should be available as NuGet feed in the working directory.
```

> Navigate to the _working_ folder and run:

Reviewer: The instructions imply that you're already in the working folder by this point (the note about nuget feed in the working folder in the preceding step)

```dotnetcli
dotnet new templatepack --name "AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates"
```

The `--name` parameter sets the _.csproj_ filename to _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_. You should see a result similar to the following output.

> ```console

Reviewer: Change console to output wherever what follows is command output rather than the commands themselves.
```suggestion
```output
```

The template "Template Package" was created successfully.

Processing post-creation actions...
Description: Manual actions required
Manual instructions: Open *.csproj in the editor and complete the package metadata configuration. Copy the templates to 'content' folder. Fill in README.md.
```

Next, open the _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_ file in a code editor and populate it according to the hints in the template:

```xml
 <PropertyGroup>
    <!-- The package metadata. Fill in the properties marked as TODO below -->
    <!-- Follow the instructions on https://learn.microsoft.com/nuget/create-packages/package-authoring-best-practices -->
    <PackageId>AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates</PackageId>
    <PackageVersion>1.0</PackageVersion>
    <Title>AdatumCorporation Templates</Title>
    <Authors>Me</Authors>
    <Description>Templates to use when creating an application for Adatum Corporation.</Description>
    <PackageTags>dotnet-new;templates;contoso</PackageTags>
    <PackageProjectUrl>https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/main/core/tutorials/cli-templates-create-item-template</PackageProjectUrl>
  </PropertyGroup>
```

> For getting more information about NuGet package metadata available in _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_ file, navigate to [Pack a template into a NuGet package (nupkg file)](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/tools/custom-templates#pack-a-template-into-a-nuget-package-nupkg-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get more information about NuGet package metadata available in the _AdatumCorporation.Utility.Templates.csproj_ file, navigate to [Pack a template into a NuGet package (nupkg file)](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/tools/custom-templates#pack-a-template-into-a-nuget-package-nupkg-file).
```

By default, the created project file includes [template authoring MSBuild tasks](https://aka.ms/templating-authoring-tools).

```xml
  <PropertyGroup>
    <LocalizeTemplates>false</LocalizeTemplates>
  </PropertyGroup>

  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Tasks" Version="*" PrivateAssets="all" IsImplicitlyDefined="true"/>
  </ItemGroup>
```

> Those MSBuild tasks provide template validation and [localization of the templates](https://aka.ms/templating-localization) capabilities. The localization is disabled by default, to enable creation of localization files, set `LocalizeTemplates` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These MSBuild tasks provide template validation and [localization of the templates](https://aka.ms/templating-localization) capabilities. Localization is disabled by default. To enable creation of localization files, set `LocalizeTemplates` to `true`.
```

                template.json
```

> The _content_ folder has two folders: _extensions_ and _consoleasync_. By default, _content_ also contains _SampleTemplate_, that can safely deleted as it was added to authoring template for demonstration purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _content_ folder has two folders: _extensions_ and _consoleasync_. By default, _content_ also contains _SampleTemplate_, which can safely be deleted. It was added to the authoring template for demonstration purposes.
```
